CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing Guidelines

##### General

* Contributor may contribute code, tests, ideas and feedback via e-mail: packages@subscribo.io or via GitHub
* Maintainers may, but not have to use the contribution
* Maintainers may use the contribution in its entirety, or just part(s) of it, modified or unmodified
* Contributor by contributing a contribution is giving consent for using and publishing the contribution under [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) with current or future [license headers](LICENSE)
* Please contribute only those contributions for which you have right to contribute and to give before mentioned consent

##### Contributing code or tests via GitHub:

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit just the modifications, do not mess with the composer.json or CHANGELOG.md files.
* Ensure your code is nicely formatted in the [PSR-2](https://github.com/php-fig/fig-standards/blob/master/accepted/PSR-2-coding-style-guide.md)
  style and that all tests pass.
* Send the pull request.
* Check that the Travis CI build passed. If not, rinse and repeat.

Commit message:

Basic Post gateway functionality  - change of the way, how cardReference is created - no more simple alias to ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION, but an encoded composite of ACCOUNT.REGISTRATION and PAYMENT.CODE  - class CopyAndPayCompletePurchaseResponse - method getCardReference() changed, new public methods getAccountRegistration(), getPaymentCode()  - class CopyAndPayPurchaseRequest refactoring - moving (and refactoring) some functionality to new AbstractPostRequest, which it is also now extending  - class CopyAndPayCompletePurchaseRequest refactoring (getEndpointUrl() now looks similar to AbstractPostRequest::getEndpointUrl())  - class CopyAndPayCompletePurchaseRequest is now extending AbstractRequest  - class AbstractRequest is now using DefaultGatewayParametersGettersAndSettersTrait  - Removal of class CopyAndPayAbstractRequest and moving (some of) its functionality to new AbstractPostRequest  - new class GenericPostResponse  - new class AbstractPostRequest with refactored (e.g. method prepareData()) functionality from CopyAndPayPurchaseRequest and CopyAndPayAbstractRequest  - new class PostPurchaseRequest  - unit tests update (related to change in cardReference functionality)  - composer.json update  - CONTRIBUTING.md update  - README.md update  - files in docs/example moved, updated and added

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing Guidelines

##### General

* Contributor may contribute code, tests, ideas and feedback via e-mail: packages@subscribo.io or via GitHub
* Maintainers may, but not have to use the contribution
* Maintainers may use the contribution in its entirety, or just part(s) of it, modified or unmodified
- Contributor by contributing a contribution is giving consent for using and publishing the contribution
  - under [MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) or different license
    (provided that that possibly different license does not impose any liability on contributor)
    with current or different [license headers](LICENSE.txt)
  - within package with current or different name
  - within this or possibly re-branded or re-labelled package
  - with or without reference to contributor
  - as part of current package or as part of a different product
  - within package (or product) published for general public or made accessible for limited audience
  - within package (or product) using current or different version control system (VCS) or not using VCS
  - within package (or product) using current or different dependency manager or not using a dependency manager
  - with or without reference to contributor
  - with or without attributing the contribution to contributor
* Please contribute only those contributions for which you have right to contribute and to give before mentioned consent

##### Contributing code or tests via GitHub:

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit just the modifications, do not mess with the composer.json or CHANGELOG.md files.
* Ensure your code is nicely formatted in the [PSR-2](https://github.com/php-fig/fig-standards/blob/master/accepted/PSR-2-coding-style-guide.md)
  style and that all tests pass.
* Send the pull request.
* Check that the Travis CI build passed. If not, rinse and repeat.
